	The run_analysis.R script works according to the following steps:
    
	1. Loads the dplyr library.
    
	2. Checks if "getdata_projectfiles_UCI HAR Dataset.zip" exists. If it does not exist, search for the file at the link "https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip" and unzip it by extracting the "UCI HAR Dataset" folder.

	3. Creates variables that contain records in the dataset to the following specifications according to "http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones":
		- Triaxial acceleration from the accelerometer (total acceleration) and the estimated body acceleration.
		- Triaxial Angular velocity from the gyroscope.
		- A 561-feature vector with time and frequency domain variables.
		- Its activity label.
		- An identifier of the subject who carried out the experiment.         

		The feat, xTrain, xTest, act, subjecTest, subjecTrain, yTrain, yTest variables store values based on some contexts such as:
		
		feat: The features selected for this database come from the accelerometer and gyroscope 3-axial raw signals tAcc-XYZ and tGyro-XYZ.
		xTrain: Recorded features train data.
	        xTest: Recorded features test data.
	        act: List of activities performed when the corresponding measurements were taken and its codes.
	        subjectTest: Test data of 9/30 volunteer test subjects being observed.
		subjectTrain: Train data of 21/30 volunteer subjects being observed.
	        yTrain: Train data of activities’code labels.
		yTest: Test data of activities’code labels.
	        
	4. Merges the training and the test sets to create one data set.
	        The variable merged is created by merging cbind() function in the composition of rbind() functions with yTrain and yTest, xTrain and xTest, and subjecTrain and subjecTest.

	5. Extracts only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement. 
	        The variable tidy is created by subsetting selected column subject, code and the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement in merged.

	6. Uses descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set.
        	Entire numbers in code column of the tidy replaced with corresponding activity taken from second column of the activities variable

    	7. Appropriately labels the data set with descriptive variable names. 
		All start with character f in column’s name replaced by Frequency
        	All start with character t in column’s name replaced by Time
		All angle in column’s name replaced by Angle
        	All gravity in column’s name replaced by Gravity
        	All Acc in column’s name replaced by Accelerometer
        	All Gyro in column’s name replaced by Gyroscope
        	All Mag in column’s name replaced by Magnitude
        	All tBody in column’s name replaced by TimeBody
		The execution of functions mean and std are replaced by Mean and StandarDeviation.
        
    	8.From the data set in step 4, creates a second, independent tidy data set with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject.
        	The variable data is created by sumarizing tidy taking the means of each variable for each activity and each subject, after groupped by subject and activity.
        	The file data.txt is created of variable data.